Add alternative blocklist API (#812)
stacks-sbtc/sbtc: blocklist-client/README.md

#### Required Environment Variables
- BLOCKLIST_CLIENT_RISK_ANALYSIS__API_URL=`<provider-url>`
- BLOCKLIST_CLIENT_RISK_ANALYSIS__API_KEY=`<your_api_key>`

> - BLOCKLIST_CLIENT_RISK_ANALYSIS__USE_SANCTIONS=`<true|false>`

Reviewer: nit: See comment on using enum below.

Currently this client implements two risk providers, which can be selected via the `BLOCKLIST_CLIENT_RISK_ANALYSIS__USE_SANCTIONS` environment variable. If set to `true` (the default), the [sanctions](https://public.chainalysis.com/docs/index.html#introduction) provider will be used, otherwise the risk provider will be used. 
   ```bash
    BLOCKLIST_CLIENT_RISK_ANALYSIS__API_URL=https://your-risk-provider-api.com/ BLOCKLIST_CLIENT_RISK_ANALYSIS__API_KEY=your_api_key BLOCKLIST_CLIENT_RISK_ANALYSIS__USE_SANCTIONS=true ../target/release/blocklist-client 
   ```

#### Optional Environment Variables
If not specified, the default values from `./src/config/default.toml` will be used.
- BLOCKLIST_CLIENT_SERVER__HOST=`<server-hostname-or-ip>`
- BLOCKLIST_CLIENT_SERVER__PORT=`<server-port>`

   ```bash
    BLOCKLIST_CLIENT_SERVER__HOST=127.0.0.1 BLOCKLIST_CLIENT_SERVER__PORT=8080 BLOCKLIST_CLIENT_RISK_ANALYSIS__API_URL=https://your-risk-provider-api.com/ BLOCKLIST_CLIENT_RISK_ANALYSIS__API_KEY=your_api_key BLOCKLIST_CLIENT_RISK_ANALYSIS__USE_SANCTIONS=true  ../target/release/blocklist-client 
   ```

> ### Aceessing the API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Accessing the API
```

> After you successfully running the blocklist client, you can access as follows:

Reviewer: The original sentence is very close to grammatically correct . It can be changed to the following and still be correct:

```suggestion
After you are successfully running the blocklist client, you can access it as follows:
```

On the other hand, the natural way to write this would be this:

```suggestion
Once the blocklist client is running successfully, you can access it as follows:
```

If an event occurs immediately before another and initiates the next one, or directly enables you to do the one, you generally use "once" because it indicates more causality to the previous thing.

#### Required Environment Variables
- BLOCKLIST_CLIENT_RISK_ANALYSIS__API_URL=`<provider-url>`
- BLOCKLIST_CLIENT_RISK_ANALYSIS__API_KEY=`<your_api_key>`
- BLOCKLIST_CLIENT_RISK_ANALYSIS__USE_SANCTIONS=`<true|false>`

> Currently we implemented two risk providers, which can be chosen via the `BLOCKLIST_CLIENT_RISK_ANALYSIS__USE_SANCTIONS` environment variable. If set to `true`, the [sanctions](https://public.chainalysis.com/docs/index.html#introduction) provider will be used, otherwise the risk provider will be used. We currently lost information about the risk provider, so only with the `BLOCKLIST_CLIENT_RISK_ANALYSIS__USE_SANCTIONS` set to `true` the client will work.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently this client implements two risk providers, which can be selected via the `BLOCKLIST_CLIENT_RISK_ANALYSIS__USE_SANCTIONS` environment variable. If set to `true` (the default), the [sanctions](https://public.chainalysis.com/docs/index.html#introduction) provider will be used, otherwise the risk provider will be used. 
```

   ```bash
    BLOCKLIST_CLIENT_RISK_ANALYSIS__API_URL=https://your-risk-provider-api.com/ BLOCKLIST_CLIENT_RISK_ANALYSIS__API_KEY=your_api_key BLOCKLIST_CLIENT_RISK_ANALYSIS__USE_SANCTIONS=true ../target/release/blocklist-client 
   ```

#### Optional Environment Variables
If not specified, the default values from `./src/config/default.toml` will be used.
- BLOCKLIST_CLIENT_SERVER__HOST=`<server-hostname-or-ip>`
- BLOCKLIST_CLIENT_SERVER__PORT=`<server-port>`

   ```bash

>     BLOCKLIST_CLIENT_SERVER__HOST=127.0.0.1 BLOCKLIST_CLIENT_SERVER__PORT=8080 BLOCKLIST_CLIENT_RISK_ANALYSIS__API_URL=https://your-risk-provider-api.com/ BLOCKLIST_CLIENT_RISK_ANALYSIS__API_KEY=your_api_key BLOCKLIST_CLIENT_RISK_ANALYSIS__USE_SANCTIONS=true  ../target/release/blocklist-client 

Reviewer 2: Can you make this default to `true` in code?

Reviewer 2: Thank you!

Reviewer 2: Yes I would make this the default. Please take a look also at the other comments to this PR.

   ```

### Aceessing the API

> After you succesfully runned the blocklist client, you can access it like this:
> `curl http://127.0.0.1:3030/screen/0x1da5821544e25c636c1417ba96ade4cf6d2f9b5a`
> and you should get a response like this:
> ```json
> {"is_blocklisted":true,"severity":"Severe","accept":false,"reason":"sanctions"}%
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After you successfully running the blocklist client, you can access as follows:

`curl http://127.0.0.1:3030/screen/0x1da5821544e25c636c1417ba96ade4cf6d2f9b5a` should return a response like 
```json
{"is_blocklisted":true,"severity":"Severe","accept":false,"reason":"sanctions"}%
```
```

- BLOCKLIST_CLIENT_RISK_ANALYSIS__API_URL=`<provider-url>`
- BLOCKLIST_CLIENT_RISK_ANALYSIS__API_KEY=`<your_api_key>`

   ```bash

>     BLOCKLIST_CLIENT_RISK_ANALYSIS__API_URL=https://your-risk-provider-api.com/ BLOCKLIST_CLIENT_RISK_ANALYSIS__API_KEY=your_api_key BLOCKLIST_CLIENT_RISK_ANALYSIS__USE_SANCTIONS=true ../target/release/blocklist-client 

Reviewer: Can you change this configuration example to use the enum specification instead of the old `LOCKLIST_CLIENT_RISK_ANALYSIS__USE_SANCTIONS=true`?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    BLOCKLIST_CLIENT_RISK_ANALYSIS__API_URL=https://your-risk-provider-api.com/ BLOCKLIST_CLIENT_RISK_ANALYSIS__API_KEY=your_api_key BLOCKLIST_CLIENT_ASSESSMENT__ASSESSMENT_METHOD=sanctions ../target/release/blocklist-client 
```
